Privacy Policy for Echolog
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 1, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection and use of your information when you use the Service, and informs you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
Words with initial capital letters have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application refers to Echolog, the software provided by the Company.

Company (referred to as "the Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the sole proprietorship of Evgenii Chekmazov.

Country refers to: Russia.

Device means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, mobile phone, or digital tablet.

Personal Data means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Application.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected: None

The Company does not collect any of your personal or other data.

Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company does not retain your personal or other data.

Deletion of Collected Data
The Company does not retain your personal or other data.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will inform you via a prominent notice on our Service before the changes take effect and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

By email: simlog-app@yandex.ru
