Privacy Policy for Echolog

Privacy Policy
Last updated: 01 February 2025

This Privacy Policy outlines our policies and procedures regarding the collection and usage of your information when using the Service, as well as your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
Words with capitalised first letters have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The definitions shall apply whether in singular or plural.

Definitions
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy:

Application refers to Echolog, the software provided by the Company.

Company (referred to as “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to sole proprietor Evgenii Chekmazov.

Country refers to: Russia

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, smartphone or digital tablet.

Personal Data means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Application.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (e.g., duration of a page visit).

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected: None
The Company does not collect any personal or other user data.

Storage of Your Personal Data
The Company does not store any personal or other user data.

Deletion of Collected Data
The Company does not store any personal or other user data.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be redirected to that third party’s site.
We strongly recommend you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via a prominent notice in Our Service before the changes become effective and will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

By email: simlog-app@yandex.ru

